## Plans for today

- Return back to the system

## Day reflection

### What happened today?

I guess the most important thing that has happened today is that I've started maintaining my System again. Yes, there were some problems with it, and I now believe that they occurred because of an imbalance in my life.

I definitely must not only do what I should do but also something that I want to do. It's crucial in the long run. So now, I'm ready for a second attempt, and I hope it'll work out.

What else can I mention? I've researched a lot of information about [[Marcel Lajos Breuer]]. I'm totally fascinated by his buildings and have written them down in my notes. Maybe one day, I'll be able to visit them. I've remembered that I'm actually a big fan of architecture and would like to learn more about famous works and figures in this art form.

### How do I feel?

It's hard for me to explain how I feel now. Maybe a little bit tired but also excited? A strange mix, actually. I'm looking forward to starting to learn German and English and to working out. Also, I'm still fascinated by Baldur's Gate 3, and I'm going to play it today. Recently, it's making me feel better and happier.

### What am I grateful for?

I'm grateful for having friends. I thought that since I had stopped showing up on social networks, I would lose all connections. But it seems that people are still writing to me, and today, Yulia from Yereven and Sereza from the Netherlands wrote to me. And I have to admit that it actually makes me happy.

### How am I going to relax now?

I'm going to play Baldur's Gate 3. That's it.