## Day reflection

### What happened today?

Since today was Sunday, I didn't try to overwhelm myself with a lot of tasks. I met Maksim in the morning (he returned from Berlin), and then we had a short walk around the house. After that, I cooked myself a meal. I don't know why, but today I was hungry almost all day. Maybe I don't eat enough somehow, but actually, the scales say otherwise. Still, I keep stealing food from Maksim—I call it taxing. Maybe these snacks are the reason.

In the evening, I spent a lot of time reading about making Java applications. I'm going to start working on it, and here is my roadmap: [[Roadmap]]. I really read a lot about modern technologies in web development, and I guess this way of learning is more approachable to me. Well, we'll see in time whether it's true or not.

### How do I feel?

I feel a little bit tired, but I'm proud that I was able to tell Maksim that I had some plans for the evening and would be really busy. It seems that I'm learning how to keep my boundaries.

### What am I grateful for?

Today, my brother and I couldn't phone Mum for a while, and it was a little bit nerve-wracking. Thank God everything is fine, but after that, I thought that I'm quite grateful for loving her, and for her love for me.

### How am I going to relax now?

I'm going to play Baldur's Gate 3. The only problem is that it's almost midnight. It's all because I've ruined my daily routine, and I woke up really late. Tomorrow, I have a session with the therapist, and I hope that the necessity to wake up earlier will help fix my routine.
