This week: [[12-2025]]
## Plans for today

- Therapist + 
- Fitness + 
- German + 
- English + 
- Pet-project plan + 
- BG3 + 

## Day reflection

### What happened today?

I don't know how to write the same thing every day, like nothing special happened. In the morning, I visited a therapist and told him about my last mental breakdown. But maybe because it was more than a week ago, I didn't have any strong emotions about it. However, we talked with the therapist about how not to push yourself into something. We discussed how to have balance, how to trust yourself, and how to trust the world.

It's a little bit funny that almost immediately after, I had a fight with [[Максим Сергеевич Вольхин|Maksim]]. Then I went to the gym, and when I returned, everything was already fine. I even feel shame and guilt for being mean to my husband. So, I'm human after all.

In the evening, I made a roadmap for my pet project and even started implementing it. I installed [[Docker]].

### How do I feel?

I feel a little bit tired because I woke up quite early. Also, I don't feel really tired; somehow, a day with workouts feels better than one without. I don't see a lot of results now, but I can feel changes. And I like it.

### What am I grateful for?

I'm grateful for my husband's understanding. We've been together for more than five years, through all the difficult years and strange times in the world. Sometimes it's hard to be together, but after everything, the pros outweigh the cons.

### How am I going to relax now?

I'm going to smoke a cigarette and then play Baldur's Gate 3. Actually, I'm not sure if I still need this part of my writing routine because I can write something very similar in the part about my day log journal.


